Add a library field to the header (#12)
foxglove/mcap: docs/specification/README.md

| Bytes | Name     | Type                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ----- | -------- | ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 4+n   | profile  | String                    | The profile to use for interpretation of channel info user data. If the value matches one of the [supported profiles][profiles], the channel info user data section should be structured to match the description in the corresponding profile. This field may also be supplied empty, or containing a framework that is not one of those recognized. |

> | N | library | String | freeform string for writer or agent to specify its name and version |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| N | writer | String | freeform string for writer to specify its name, version, or other information for use in debugging |
```

Author: Why writer?

Author: _writer_ to me could mean the organization? Or maybe I am overthinking it.

Reviewer: It's the program that wrote the data. Another idea is "creator": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creator_code

Author: From John:

> i like library because even though it risks being pedantically wrong (my writer is just a single .exe file, no library involved!) it's hard to confuse it with another concept like organization name or a person's name

Author: Updated the description here: https://github.com/foxglove/mcap/pull/13

> | N     | library  | String                    | freeform string for writer or agent to specify its name and version                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: @defunctzombie  This should have been 4+n
